we look at the good hope from
the year 2006
We count and have only bought
teams
jcb and to date we have 10 types
of the brand
we had experienced before
with the robot model 11 10 with 2 units
and a unit of the robot model or 170
now about 5 months ago we have
the first model unit 260 that we're
knowing and testing has been
giving very good results
in general we have perceived the 260 model
pretty good with some
features that stand out as the
operator seat
the jcb engine and it comes more powered with
turbo I think it's a system of
cooling that changes from the other model
in addition to the cage which is wider
In general, our operators have not
perceived pretty well
I would emphasize that comfort has the
browns with edges is wider and more
Agile has more power and the other issue
that of visibility because it facilitates
operation of the machine
yes